Add documentation (#12)
jolicode/automapper: docs/homepage.md

# Welcome 👋

> Welcome to the AutoMapper documentation, it's a library that solve a simple problem: removing all the code you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the AutoMapper documentation, this library solves a simple problem: removing all the code you need to
```

map one object to another. A boring code to write and often replaced by non-performant alternatives like the Symfony's
Serializer.

> For that goal it provides an unique interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that goal it provides a unique interface:
```

```php
interface AutoMapperInterface
{
    /**
     * Maps data from a source to a target.
     *
     * @param array|object                      $source  Any data object, which may be an object or an array
     * @param 'array'|class-string|array|object $target  To which type of data, or data, the source should be mapped
     * @param array                             $context Mapper context
     *
     * @return array|object|null The mapped object
     */
    public function map(array|object $source, string|array|object $target, array $context = []): null|array|object;
}
```

> The source is from where the data comes from, it can be either an array or an object. The target is where the data 
> should be mapped to, it can be either a string (representing a type: array or class name) or directly an array or 
> object (in that case construction of the object is avoided).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$source` is the origin of the data, it can either be an array or an object. 
`$target` is where the data should be mapped to. It can be:
	- a string representing a type: either a class name or the string "array". In this case a new object (or array) will be created,
	- an instance of an object or an array: in this case construction of the object is avoided and your variable will be hydrated from the `$source`
```

# Welcome 👋

Welcome to the AutoMapper documentation, this library solves a simple problem: removing all the code you need to
map one object to another. A boring code to write and often replaced by less-performant alternatives like the Symfony's
Serializer.

AutoMapper uses a convention-based matching algorithm to match up source to destination values. AutoMapper is geared 
towards model projection scenarios to flatten complex object models to DTOs and other simple objects, whose design is 
better suited for serialization, communication, messaging, or simply an anti-corruption layer between the domain and 
application layer.

## Quick start 🚀

### What is the AutoMapper ? 🤔

> The AutoMapper is an object-object mapper. Object-object mapping works by transforming an input object of one type into 

Reviewer: what about from array / to array ?

Author: Fair :+1: Deep copy is a thing.

# Welcome 👋

Welcome to the AutoMapper documentation, this library solves a simple problem: removing all the code you need to

> map one object to another. A boring code to write and often replaced by less-performant alternatives like the Symfony's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
map one object to another. A boring code to write and often replaced by less-performant alternatives like Symfony's
```
